The nps_module is geant4 simulation code of single module of the
Neutral Particle Spectrometer (NPS). The module consists of 2x2x20
cm^3 PbWO4 crystal and attached to it photomultiplier. The crystal is
optically isolated by a layer of optical reflector, and thin Tedlar
film. The PMT is coupled to the crystal by optical grease from
Bycron. The reflector can be diffuse or specular. It can be separated
from surface of crystal by thin layer of air. Also, it can be
reverted, such that its Mylar substrate faces the crystal.

The code is intended for optimization of the module, its optical
characteristics. Passage of various particles through the module,
development of showers in the crystal, generation of Cherenkov light
and scintillation in PbWO4, traceing of optical photons up to the PMT
photocathode and generation of photoelectrons are
simulated. Absorption of photons in the crystal and reflections from
the reflector are taken into account.

The following steps shall be done to install and run the code:

1. git clone git@github.com:/vardant/nps_module_g4

   Clone package in nps_module_g4 directory.

2. cd nps_module_g4

3. rm -rf nps_module-build nps_module_build

   Remove old "build" directories copied from the github.

4. mkdir nps_module-build

   Create the working "build" directory.

5. cd nps_module-build

6. cmake ../nps_module

   Setup c++ compiler, copy the necessary input files from ../nps_module
   to the working directory.

7. make

   Compile the code, create executable nps_module.

8. ./nps_module

   Render graphical image of the module.

9. ./nps_module e1.mac

   Sample 100 events.

In its default configuration the program simulates generation of
signal from 2 GeV/c muons passing vertically through the middle of
horizontally positioned module. Results are dumped in standard output,
in a series of lines. Each line corresponds to an event and consists
of PDG code of the primary particle, its momentum (in MeV/c) and
original X,Y,Z coordinates (in cm), number of generated optical
photons, energy deposition in crystal (in MeV), track length of
charged particles (cm) and signal from module (in photoelectrons).
